Database creation is actually an interesting yet easy
thing to do with JPA and Hibernate.
By adding these two lines to the end of our application.properties,
we can tell Hibernate to create the database and its tables upon startup.
There are four different values that we can use here, create,
which is used to create the database if it doesn't already
exist and any respective tables; update,
which will just look for changes upon the existing structure that
exists there, but it will not remove columns if you have modified your
entity to no longer have that column; create‑drop, which will create
and drop the schema each time the app is redeployed, and this is
probably the most useful early on in your development, bear in mind it
does delete any data that you have stored in your app right now; and
then lastly,
validate. Validate seems like it would be the least used when
in fact this is what you should likely use once your app is
stable to alert you to any changes.
Technically there's a fifth one too, which is simply just none, but it does
nothing, and you may choose that after your app has gone through QA and any
other testing that you have to switch it to none.
I do like validate.
One thing between validate and none is that validate can slow
your app deployment if you have a very,
very large database as it will go through and verify the structure of all of those entities.